So let's dive right in here.
What we're going to be doing is learning how to edit a vlog or YouTube video.
So the idea of this section is that we'll be using the editing process of an actual YouTube style video
to learn more about intermediate level editing techniques.
It's a little bit more on the complex side.
So I'm not going to be able to transfer all the footage that I have for you to download.
So you either be using your own footage that you have.
If you have a vlog that's ready to edit a YouTube video, that's ready to edit or footage that you have,
that's of a more complex level than the footage we've already worked on.
Perfect.
You'll be able to use that edit along with me, or you can follow along and absorb the information and
techniques that I'm going to share.
So by the end of this section, the goal is for you to be able to 100 percent on your own edit your
own highly produced YouTube video from start to finish.
So sorry for that.
Intro is a little bit lengthy, but I really wanted to set the stage of what we're going to be working
on before we really dive into the process.
So let's get into it.